# Grad-school-projects
These are all of the projects I created while in grad school. Below is an index to the course numbers and content. I have presented them in chronological order to demonstrate my progression with coding and writing technical content. The projects presented herein are unedited from the original submissions for a grade. More theoretical material in Statistics and Econometrics is not reflected here. I am currently updating this page, so there is more to come.

MATH 5387 (Summer 2018): Applied Regression Analysis -- This was a graduate class in linear regression and linear modeling. My final project, completed with a classmate, was a classification analysis of womens' access to healthcare in Malawi. Data was sourced from the Demographic & Health Surveys microdata accessible via IPUMS [https://www.idhsdata.org/idhs/]. 

ECON 6073 (Fall 2018): Research Seminar -- This was the Economics MA thesis class. I used a fixed effects model to examine the long-term effects of Mexico's PROGRESA cash transfer program (now called Prospera). I sourced data from Mexico's publicly available data sources on the program.

MATH 6388 (Fall 2018): Advanced Statstical Research Methods -- This was a statistical and machine learning class. This included parametric and non-parametric prediction methods, data visualization, methods for model selection, and neural networks. My final project in the class applied support vector machines to the MNIST handwriting data [http://yann.lecun.com/exdb/mnist/].

MATH 6101 (Fall 2019): Uncertainty Quantification -- This was a class in numerical and computational methods for updating linear models to recover probability distributions for underlying processes in the presence of sophisticated sources of stochastic error. I did not have a final project, so I have shown my homework submissions for the class.

MS Stats Project (Spring 2020): This was my culminating project for the MS in Applied Statistics. I applied Data-Consistent Inversion (an emerging UQ technique) to COPDGene [http://www.copdgene.org/] data to model sources of stochastic error in lung function measurements.

MATH 6330 (Spring 2020): Statistical Consulting Workshop -- This class paired students with businesses and organizations in the local area to apply students' expertise to solve problems or contribute to projects. I was proud to be paired with the CO Womens' Chamber of Commerce to create a survey to help leadership learn about how their members are benefitting -- or not -- from the CWCC programming. We were able to create and updated survey, but sadly, it has not yet been delpoyed due to COVID-19. I am still working with them to deploy the survey, so more to come. The content I've posted here reflects my detailed study of survey and sampling design methods for the project.

ECON 7661 (Spring 2020): Health Economics -- This was a class in health care markets. This was not a particularly technical class. However, I have posted a project that required recreating, from sourcing the data to final results, the empirical stragey used in the paper The Affordable Care Act and Ambulance Responce Times [https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jhealeco.2019.05.010]. I really enjoyed this project, and I enjoy econometric models and working with STATA.
